the barsa de guardiola is the feeling of the season
It is enough that Roberto Carlos has there declared that he never saw a
a team like that is not a Madridista confessed
Brazilian
in expelling himself has no implication or could have dodged
the question in a simple way
and yet Roberto Carlos gets wet once is the clairvoyance
the barsa right now makes a dynamic football
very much speed enamored disbola the opposites ridicules him in certain
meaning with all due respect
but without a level of ball speed a football philosophy a criterion
that makes it far superior to the others pressing up and then over
when things get ugly they have the individuality they have the details
that make the difference to start the ball with piqué i comarques
barsa hagen was superior and they make the exit of the ball and that makes
that the ball always arrives in advantage to the top players when you take out
the ball back
you generate imbalance in the adversary forces what good to
that that the opposing defense vascular attack
have problems
and then on top of the ball when it reaches messi or henry or high or
Iniesta can not get help from the opposing team then that's for them
It is a gift fallen from heaven
then the right wing does not alves messi
Brazilian plus Argentinian
US player
of a tremendous journey like dani alves anaerobic up and down tours of
40 meters I do not think there's any like him in it
in the world
probably ma and with the inter is a right side of comallo solidity
what alves
but for barsa football there is no better player than dani alves in the
right lateral and then messi goes away of wants when it wants and where it gives to the
abandonment messi is a different player and if on top he has the accompaniment of
team
because it makes the right band the barsa then the best in the world and very
difficult for any coach to stop it
then the distribution inside chari
I never lose a ball iniesta nor very difficult to take the ball from them
when a team next to warm and after difficult to remove the ball
because it makes you 2 3 minutes to the sound of them and end up by despairing quiaca
disappearing gaps and then
the quality of everything and henry very sweet moment facing goal
eto'o gets a lot of henry is getting like he's playing 9 and that makes
that the barsa goes an average of almost three goals per season per game
yes they defend well
if you close the goal if it is difficult to score goals and you three
it is clear that you win very easy chad from another thing at the moment he the
barsa has problems in the strategy
then to see how they cover the palave alves and suffers all aspects of the game
as food and this
but for now we will see what happens here at the end
candidates to the triplet as the Manchester candidates for everything that
remove the danced and the recognition in advance a barsa that has marked
the difference this year
and that has made everyone enjoy the future